.\" vi: ft=nroff
.\"
.\" BSD Zero Clause License
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2021 Thomas Voss
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
.\" REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
.\" OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.so macros.tmac
.TH LINK 3go "02 October, 2021" Halalruns "Go Programmers Manual"
.SH NAME
.BR Link " \- a link to a webpage"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B import \(dqgithub.com/speedrunning/halalruns\(dq
.PP
.B  "type Link struct {"
.IB "    Rel" " string"
.IB "    URI" " string"
.B  "}"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B Link
struct is a representation of a link to an external resource.
This can range from anything to a users personal bests stored in a
.B User
struct to a runs splits on splits.io.
.PP
The structs fields are as follows:
.LI Rel
The name of the resource that the link points to.
For example, perhaps the link will point you to a users runs.
In that case this field may be set to \(dqruns\(dq
.LI URI
The URI of the external resource.
For example, the
.B User
struct for a user will have a link to their personal bests.
That link will be in the form of a
.B Link
struct where the
.I URI
field is set to \(dqhttps://www.speedrun.com/api/v1/users/<UID>/personal-bests\(dq.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR User (3go)
